first he's a very funny person from the
Bronx her half-hour stand-up special
easily offended is streaming on HBO
digital from Jimmy Kimmel's comedy club
in Las Vegas please welcome Jeana Briana
oh my goodness thank you so much I'm so
excited to be here thank you oh my god
guys relax
the guys are excitable I never know how
to bring up the fact that I'm married
it's like a weird thing to bring up in
conversation just right off the bat like
I got hit on the other day and the guy
got mad at me after I told him I was
married like he walked up to me he was
like excuse me ma'am I think you're very
beautiful
and I went thinks I'm married and he was
real mad he was like you should have led
with that I was like I didn't start the
conversation how weird would it be if
that's how I started all my
conversations I excuse me I'm married
all right do you want to know our
specials or not I'm married I married a
good dude I married a wonderful person I
yeah yeah you can clap for him I married
a good one I got me a 1978 Caucasian
some good make it's a good one yeah not
just white he's Midwest white so yeah
that's that's organic that is that that
is farm-to-table white like that I went
to the source to get my white man like
whoo yeah I am NOT white I am Puerto
Rican oh my god thank you
my cousins I love it when they come out
to see me
it's also my husband's favorite thing he
loves the fact that he's married a
Latina he loves that you know he likes
to bring it up in conversation when it
has nothing to do with what we're
talking about he's just like hey guys my
wife's Puerto Rican enjoy your meal
we're gonna get kicked out of Apple B's
if you don't stop doing that
stop telling people that kind of stuff
my husband's biggest flaw biggest flaw
he talks too much that's laughter from
people been with somebody who talks too
much
because you realize you cannot teach
somebody how to be regular you can't be
like yo just be regular you know all
them times you want to talk don't
stop it from happening and don't get me
wrong I don't pretend to be perfect like
I'm not one of those women that's like
I'm a princess
unless I'm drunk then I'm like if I've
had too much to drink I'm like that but
me I know my flaws very well I work too
much I have a bad temper
I'm jealous that's the biggest one he
has to deal with him jealous nobody
likes jealous people we know
stop telling us every boyfriend I ever
had why don't you just trust me I'm like
yeah put on your ankle monitor and go
have fun you're crazy I don't know how
he puts up with all of my craziness man
like there I was in a bad relationship
before I met my husband and if you've
ever gone from a bad relationship to a
good relationship you got to be careful
that you don't try to cause fights where
fights don't exist as I do that
sometimes I'll wake up ready to start a
fight laughter from my fellow damage
people y'all know I will wake up ready
to fight and I will look over at my
husband who is peacefully sleeping
I just want to lean in and go oh today
is not gonna be easy for you I'm gonna
give you five more minutes of peace and
I'm gonna start slamming things around
this apartment when you ask me if I'm
fine I'm gonna say I am but I'm not good
luck solving that mystery later on
insane I'm giving myself time to adjust
I need to adjust to marriage because
I've always been very independent on my
own and my husband's a very us and we
Thai person yeah he's always like we
should spend the day together and I'm
like really the whole day we live
together bro like can you just chill for
like a second I was in the shower last
week I jumped in the shower he jumped in
with me I was like are we in prison like
why
are you here right now can you leave
this is where I cry like I you guys have
been wonderful thank you so much I had
such a wonderful time thank you hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see all our
latest videos click the subscribe button
and if you don't click anyway and close
your eyes when they come on